Words and language, no matter what anybody
tells you,
words and ideas can change the world. Now
see that
look at Mr. Pitt's eye, like 19th century
literature has nothing to do with going to
business school or medical school, right?
Maybe. Mr.
Hopkins, you may agree with them thinking,
yes, we should simply study our Mr.
Pritchard and learn our rhyme and meter
and go quietly about the business of
achieving other ambitions. A little secret
for you.
Huddle up. Huddle up!
We don't read and write poetry because
it's cute.
We read and write poetry because we are
members of the human race,
and the human race is filled with passion.
Medicine, law, business, engineering,
these are noble pursuits and necessary to
sustain life. But poetry, beauty,
romance, love, these are what we stay
alive for.
To quote from Whitman, oh me, oh life
of the questions of these recurring, of
the endless trains of the
faithless, of cities filled with the
foolish, what good amid these,
oh me, oh life? Answer, that you
are here, that life exists and identity,
that the powerful play goes on and you may
contribute a verse.
That the powerful play goes on and you may
What will your verse be?